c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\FilesFinder.exe.config
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\FilesFinder.exe
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\FilesFinder.pdb
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.g.resources
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.exe
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.pdb
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\alexander.pluzhnikov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\App.baml
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\FilesFinder.exe.config
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.exe
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.pdb
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\FilesFinder.exe
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\FilesFinder.pdb
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.pdb
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.pdb
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder_MarkupCompile.cache
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder_MarkupCompile.lref
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\App.baml
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.g.resources
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.Properties.Resources.resources
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
N:\Work\2014\FilesFinder\FilesFinder\obj\Debug\FilesFinder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
